Dear Manager / Professor,
To Who It May Concern,
    I hope this email finds you well. As a college student at PeKing University majoring in computer science, 
        I am writing with regard to the party(sth.) that ......
        题目互动, so I am writing to present you this letter
    What follows are a few aspects concerning my (purpose)
    For one thing, ...
    For another
    It is my sincere hope that you could ...(需求)
****I hope that my request does not cause you any inconvenience
                                                                    Yours sincerely,
                                                                    Li Ming


Dear Friend,
            感谢：
                I'm just writing to thank you for ...
            请求：
                I am writing to ask for your help...
                I would be more than grateful / appreciated if you could ... 
                I'd appreciate it if you could ... 
            提建议：
                I was wondering if you would like to ...
                I just wanted to write a quick letter to tell you...... 
            拒绝邀请：
                I was really looking forward to catching up with you, but unfortunately something has come up and 
                I'm not going to be able make it. I'm really sorry to have to cancel, especially ...
            道歉：
                I'm so sorry that I wasn't  ... 
                I really hope you'll forgive me for ...
            抱怨：
                I was extremely disappointed with ...
    I look forward to catching up with you soon.

formal: I am
informal: I'm



功能句：
1、自我介绍
    As a senior student from Peking University who is quite interested in cultural communication, I ......
2、寒暄
    It is so glad to hear that you, international students, have arrived at our university.
    I am very quite pleased to hear that you have signed up for a speech contest on Chinese culture.
    I am deeply sorry to hear that you did not do well in your recent maths midterm exam.
3、写信、通知
    This notice is for the purpose of inviting you to attend a welcome party.
    I am writing to suggest a topic.
    I am writing for the purpose of making an apology since I am afraid I can't go.
4、建议
    It is advisable for you to (participate in this welcome party.)
    We are supposed to take immediate actions to (prevent food waste in daily life.)
    I suggest that you prepare in advance.
    It is exceedingly for you to lower the price.
5、原因
    It was your tremendous help that enabled me to (enjoy a comfortable and fruitful trip of learning.)
6、积极意义
    Participating in relevant activities can bring you opportunities to enjoy diverse traditional food, arouse your 
        passion for Chinese culture, and help you enjoy a unique experience.
7、举例
    China is characterized by its time-honored history and a variety of traditional festivals, such as the Spring Festival,
        the Mid-Autumn Day and the Dragon Boat Festival.
8、表达感谢或不满
    I am deeply grateful to you for your help.
    We are rather disappointed with the cafeteria staff.
9、表达期待
    We are looking forward to your participation.
    Hope that they will improve their customer service attitude.
10、个人观点
    I am convinced that with the above measuers, the cafeteria service will be greatly improved.
    I deem that it is advisable for you to visit in person the Great Wall, the Summer Palace, the Frobidden City and
        so on in your spare time.
11、对比
    Commpared with others, I possess richer experience in communicating with foreigners.
12、典型特征
    In addition, this welcome party is characterized by a variety of interesting activities, including singing, dancing,
        Chinese culture introduction, and fun competitions.
13、事件背景
    The welcome party is scheduled to start at 19:00 on June 20 in the Center of Students' Activities and last for 
        approximately two hours.
14、功能句
    These traditional Chinese snacks are particularly worth trying.
    All classmates agreed that this phenomenon is particularly worth attention.
15、说明自己忙碌
    You know that during the past half year, I have been exceedingly busy since I allocated nearly all my time and energy
        to preparing for the national entrance exams for postgraduate students.
16、展望未来
    I will do my utmost to fulfill my duties.
